okay folks this right here is a
buddy-buddy burger that's just what they
called it on the website I found it from
you call it whatever the fuck you want
this is an old one that I made pre y2k
and it still looks pretty damn good
anyway to make this motherfucker
you'll need an empty tuna can get all
the tuna out of it
some rolled-up cardboard that you'll
need you don't want to use a Budweiser
case you want to use something a little
thicker that has a little holes in it I
don't know if you can see it yeah you
can't really see it here hold on look at
that flame though well I have it see
that motherfucker
see how it's burning pretty nice little
play
let's get in the light okay see that
cardboard how it has the holes this is a
thicker cardboard that's what you want
what you want to do is you want to take
golf whacks see that you take a piece
out of it you stick it in a pot and you
put boiling water in another pot like
this and then you put the gold flax in
this one a double boiler then you melt
the wax in that cuz otherwise it's just
going to burn and smoke and shit you're
gonna be really mad at me so it's got to
be a double boiler to melt the wax you
take a cardboard and again not this thin
shit but you roll your cardboard up
stick it in your tuna can and then you
pour the wax over it obviously you don't
want this really tall piece of shit here
and not em it's not bad to have a little
piece of cardboard sticking up out of it
so you can lie to easier but all you do
is you you grow your cardboard up real
tight into this can you pour your wax
over it once it's melted and then you
got a pretty damn nice candle to the
last for awhile and you know I've had
this son of a bitch for awhile and it
puts out a damn good flame so I'll give
you a little close-up why ain't so good
in this camera there we go
yeah in any case this thing will put off
some heat put out some light something
you want to keep on hand yeah see how
old that is that's the old Starkist shit
there but that's good shit
I've had these fuckers for a while they
work great I highly recommend you make a
bunch of these motherfuckers they're
cheap and they last forever and you
gotta make one